add two features in soc (#21)
pingcap/community: soc/README.md

```

-	Recommended Skills: golang, sql optimizer
-	Issue: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/7700

### **DM operator on K8S**

-	Description

Now we deploy and operate DM using Ansible, we have to do a lot of things manually
e.g.

- if adding a DM-worker for a new mysql instance, we have to [edit `Ansible iniventroy` and run a `ansible-playbook`](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/tools/dm/cluster-operations.md#add-a-dm-worker-instance). If not too lucky, we may need to stop task,  eidt task config file, and then start some tasks to let the new DM-worker join

- DM-master and DM-worker don't store tasks,  it's sick！Thus we have to start whole task after some DM-workers restart

We can think of a vision - the user only operates the task configuration, maybe by web or command line tool , everything else is automated

project example: [TiDB-operator](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator)

-	Recommended Skills: golang
-	Issue: https://github.com/pingcap/dm/issues/43

### **visual display of DM**

-	Description

> Now what information does dm have to show to users?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now what information does DM have to show to users?
```

* dmctl

>   * `query-status`: query basic information of task, contain some complex and not clear error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `query-status`: queries basic information of the task, including some complex and unclear error messages
```

  * `show-ddl-lock` ....
  * `query-error` ...

> * grafana - many no sense monitor graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Grafana: many no sense monitor graph
```

Reviewer: This line is confusing. Could you make it clearer?

> * Grafana: many no sense monitor graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Grafana: many nonsense monitor graphs
```

> What are the disadvantages of the above methods? **Lack of contextual information leads to incomprehensible or inferential problems**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are the disadvantages of the above methods? **Lack of contextual information leads to incomprehensible or inferential problems.**
```

> we need a way to show system or task running status details in natural way, like a straightforward way to show the speed of data flow, key events and where to happen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a way to show the system or task running status details in a natural way, like a straightforward way to show the speed of data flow, key events and where to happen.
```

> -	Recommended Skills: golang, opentracing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Recommended Skills: Golang, OpenTracing
```
